README.markdown, before:

# Oxford International College

## Introduction to coding
 
### Author

Oliver Sheridan-Methven.

#### Date

September 2017.

### Description

Introduction to coding course for Oxford International College.

### Language

Python 2.7. 

>Most of the code will be easily transferable to Python 3, and there may be examples from other languages such as C, JavaScript, etc.

## Git

This project will use *git large file storage* (`git lfs`) for any large files which are not predominantly source code.
(This is easy to install and use on UNIX/LINUX based systems, and should also be installable on MS Windows with the 
appropriate application).

### iPython Notebooks

Much of this code will be written using iPython notebooks. These are useful for interactively demonstrating the results
from running different source code. 

> I am generally not a fan of coding notebooks, but occasionally they can be useful. 
However, they can be a pain when using VCS (such as git). To circumvent commiting the output
of such notebooks, 
[see the instructions on StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/a/20844506/5134817).

Commit message:

More hello world examples from different languages.

README.markdown, after:

# Oxford International College

## Introduction to coding
 
### Author

Oliver Sheridan-Methven.

#### Date

September 2017.

### Description

Introduction to coding course for Oxford International College.

### Language

Python 2.7. 

>Most of the code will be easily transferable to Python 3, 
and there may be examples from other languages such as C, JavaScript, etc.
Before diving into Python, it is useful to install Python (if using MS Windows). 
If you are running UNIX/LINUX/OSX then you will most likely already have this installed. 
To check open the terminal and type in `python --version`. 
In this course we will mostly be using Python 2.7 instead of Python 3. 
This is not a major issue, but there will be some small syntactic differences between the two.
([For more information about *getting started* with Python](https://www.python.org/about/gettingstarted/)).

## Git

This project will use *git large file storage* (`git lfs`) 
for any large files which are not predominantly source code.
(This is easy to install and use on UNIX/LINUX based systems, 
and should also be installable on MS Windows with the 
appropriate application).

### iPython Notebooks

Much of this code will be written using iPython notebooks. These are useful for interactively demonstrating the results
from running different source code. 

> I am generally not a fan of coding notebooks, but occasionally they can be useful. 
However, they can be a pain when using VCS (such as git). To circumvent commiting the output
of such notebooks, 
[see the instructions on StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/a/20844506/5134817).
